Add an email to chase teams who still haven't RSVP'd (#182)
srobo/team-emails: SR2024/2024-03-13-competition-rsvp-chase.md

---
to: SR2024 teams who still haven't RSVP'd
subject: SR2024 RSVP & check-in
---

Hi $TODO_NAME,

> {# either #}
> It was great to see your team at the Virtual Competition this weekend.
> {# or #}
> We missed you at the Virtual Competition this weekend.
> {# / #}

Reviewer: Nit: We've historically used jinja-style syntax for these. This also makes it more explicit what each case is conditional on.

```suggestion
{% if attended_virtual_comp %}
It was great to see your team at the Virtual Competition this weekend.
{% else %}
We missed you at the Virtual Competition this weekend.
{% endif %}
```

I wanted to check on how you're doing and whether you wanted any extra help -- via Discord, in person or otherwise. There's still plenty of time to work on your robot before the competition!

We'd also like to finalise our planning for the competition, including things like assigning team pits at the venue -- for which we need to know a little about the competitors you'll be bringing.

**Please could you [fill out your team details](https://forms.gle/8YhfdRbfDWP3KKNy8) to let us know.**

Thanks,

> Peter

Reviewer: Question: Is the intention for this to come from you personally, vs the normal "Competition Team" sign off?

Author: From me -- I'm planning to just send these as separate emails, nominally from me though still from teams@.
